[MIXEDARCH-275] Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machine on IBM Power (#64357)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/configuring-multi-arch-compute-machines/creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-power.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:context: creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-power
[id="creating-multi-arch-compute-nodes-ibm-power"]
= Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machine on IBM Power
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> To create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on {ibmpowerProductName}(`ppc64le`) with {op-system-base} KVM, you must have an existing single-architecture (`x86_64`) cluster. For more information on {ibmpowerProductName} installations, see xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installing-bare-metal[Installing a user provisioned cluster on IBM Power]. You can then add `ppc64le` compute machines to your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines on {ibmpowerProductName}(`ppc64le`), you must have an existing single-architecture bare metal (`x86_64`) cluster. For more information on bare metal installations, see xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installing-bare-metalInstalling a user provisioned cluster on bare meta]. You can then add `ppc64le` compute machines to your {product-title} cluster.
```

Reviewer: Reverting my suggestion, after discussion with SMEs for IBM Z we hae removed the "bare metal" wording in my [PR](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/63855)

> Before you can add `ppc64le` nodes to your cluster, you must upgrade your cluster to one that uses the multi-architecture payload. For more information on migrating to the multi-architecture payload, see xref:../../updating/updating_a_cluster/migrating-to-multi-payload.adoc#migrating-to-multi-payload[Migrating to a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines].

Author: Agree. Added.

The following procedures explain how to create a {op-system} compute machine using a {op-system-base} KVM instance. This will allow you to add `ppc64le` nodes to your cluster and deploy a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we mention any gotcha's here? Or is that better for a technote? 

Otherwise LGTM

Author: Thanks @prb112 
Updated the PR with a note. Request you to check. Thanks.

Reviewer 3: @alishaIBM :  Can you remove the reference to KVM?

Author: @manojnkumar I have removed the reference to KVM. 
Is it okay to write: "The following procedures explain how to create a RHCOS compute machine using an ISO image or network PXE booting."
Please confirm. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: That's fine.
